(TRAIN WHISTLES)
- MAN: (COUGHING)
(STATIC)
(SPEAKING OVER RADIO)
- JODIE: Aiden!
Look, I told you that...
Crap.
(WHISTLING NOISE)
- OFFICER: Ma'am, return to your seat, please.
Shit, that's her! That's her!
(INTENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
Freeze! Police!
- MAN: Hey! What's going on?
Hey, watch out!
Grab her!
- MAN 2: Hey, you crazy?
- JODIE: Quick, Aiden!
- OFFICER: Gotcha!
End of the line, lady!
Keep your hands
where we can see them!
- JODIE: Help me Aiden!!
- OFFICER: We need backup!
She's getting away!
- JODIE: (PANTING)
(AIDEN SPEAKS)
- JODIE: Yeah, I know.
We gotta get outta here
before they come back.
(DOGS BARKING)
(HELICOPTER APPROACHING)
- OFFICER: Go around the other side!
- JODIE: Oh fuck!
- OFFICER: Think I see her!
Fan out! Ten foot gaps!
(DOGS BARKING)
There! She's in the river!
(GUNSHOTS)
I can't see a damn thing!
Go around there!
(DOG GROWLS)
(DOG WHIMPERS)
Where the hell did she go?
See anything yet?
Need more light over here.
I can't see a damn thing!
- OFFICER 1: See anything?
- OFFICER 2: Nothing but rock.
She'd never be able to make it up there.
- OFFICER 1: Shit! We must've missed her.
Travis, bring back those goddamn dogs!
(INTENSE MUSIC FADING OUT)
- JODIE: Go for it, Aiden.
- OFFICER: Goddamn rain!
- JODIE: A motorbike.
Just what I need.
(CAR STARTS)
- OFFICER: Where're you going, Mike?
Hey! What the fuck are you doing?
(TIRES SCREECHING)
(GLASS BREAKING)
All right Mike, that's enough!
You're out of your fucking mind?
Jesus Christ!
(MOTORBIKE STARTS)
Jesus, Mike!
(INTENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
(HELICOPTER SOUND)
(TIRES SCREECH)
- ???: Hold your positions.
- JODIE: No choice.
We're going straight through.
Are you ready, Aiden?
Let's go.
Aiden, I need you now!
(BULLETS RICOCHETING)
- ???: Hold your fire!
I SAID HOLD YOUR FIRE!
This is Roadblock Tango.
We missed her.
I repeat, we missed her.
She's headed for the Bakertown.
- SOLDIER: Move in. Move in.
- Group 3, in position.
- ???: You're surrounded. Come out
with your hands up and you will not be harmed.
- JODIE: If they're looking for trouble...
...that's what they're gonna get.
Take care of them, Aiden.
(TRUCK ACCELERATES)
- SOLDIER 1: It's fucked up!
- SOLDIER 2: Hold your fire!
(GUNFIRE)
- SOLDIER 3: We can't just stand here like this!
We need an ambulance.
(GUNFIRE)
- SOLDIER 4: She won't surrender.
- SOLDIER: (SHOUTS)
(SOLDIERS SCREAMING)
- SOLDIER: What the fuck is she doing?
- JODIE: Aiden, they're coming!
Keep them off me!
The door. Aiden, I can't get in.
Open the door!
(PANTING)
Tell them to leave me the fuck alone!
Because next time...
...I'll kill everyone.
Come on, Aiden.
Think they get the message.